[rock music]
♪ ♪
[woman singing in Japanese]
>> narrator: THIS IS THE TALE OF
A MAN WHO CONTINUES TO SEARCH
FOR HIS OWN PATH EVEN AS FATE
BETRAYS HIM.
AS A RESULT OF HIS ACTIONS,
SIMON IS THROWN INTO PRISON
AS A WAR CRIMINAL.
HE FINDS WAITING FOR HIM THERE
HIS FORMER ENEMY, VIRAL.
ELSEWHERE, ROSSIU IS INFORMED
THAT THE MOON’S IMPACT WILL DEAL
A FATAL BLOW TO EARTH.
AMIDST THE BATTLE,
THE ARC‐GURREN DEPARTS,
ABANDONING A GREAT MANY PEOPLE
AS IT LIFTS OFF.
BUT NIA, WHO HAS BECOME
THE ANTI‐SPIRALS’ MESSENGER,
REVEALS MORE DREADFUL NEWS.
>> Nia: EVEN IF THEY DO ESCAPE
INTO SPACE, THE ONLY THING
AWAITING THEM IS DESPAIR.
>> Simon: WHAT DID YOU SAY?
>> Yoko: SO I DON’T SEE YOU FOR
A WHILE, AND YOU HAVE TO GO AND
TURN INTO A REAL BORING BITCH,
NIA.
>> Nia: SURRENDER TO THE
INEVITABLE.
HUMANITY HAS NO FUTURE.
>> Simon: HEY, WAIT!
>> Rossiu: HOW MANY WERE ABLE
TO BOARD?
>> Kinon: 176,800 CONFIRMED.
>> Rossiu: LESS THAN HALF OF
WHAT WE’D PLANNED.
>> Cybela: ENEMY DETECTED!
TWO MUGANN, HUGE ONES!
>> Rossiu: NO WAY!
WAS THIS A TRAP ALL ALONG?
[chirping]
[Kunpa laughs]
>> Naakim: GIVE IT BACK!
>> Kunpa: YOU WANT IT SO MUCH,
TAKE IT BACK!
LOOK AT YOU.
YOU’RE SUCH A BABY!
[bell chiming]
>> Kunpa: OH!
LET’S GO!
>> Geki: WE’RE LATE!
WE’RE LATE!
>> Maosha: I TELL YOU WHAT,
NAAKIM, YOU’RE HOPELESS.
COME ON.
LET’S GO.
GET UP.
>> Yoko: WAIT.
>> Maosha: OH!
>> Yoko: YOU CAN GET UP BY
YOURSELF, CAN’T YOU?
THAT’S BETTER, LITTLE MAN.
>> Naakim: OH.
>> Maosha: OH!
[grumbles]
>> Principal: LISTEN UP, CLASS.
I WOULD LIKE TO INTRODUCE YOU
ALL TO YOUR NEW TEACHER.
>> Geki: I HEAR SHE’S FROM
THE MAINLAND!
>> Kunpa: SHE’S A TOTAL BABE!
>> Maosha: NAH, SHE’S NOT
ALL THAT PRETTY.
>> Naakim: SHE’S OUR
NEW TEACHER!
>> Yoko: I’M YOMAKO.
I HOPE WE CAN ALL
BECOME FRIENDS.
[children singing]
>> Principal: I’M TERRIBLY SORRY
ABOUT ALL THE JUNK IN HERE.
IT USED TO BE A NIGHT GUARD HUT,
SO AT LEAST IT’S LIVABLE.
>> Yoko: THANK YOU FOR
EVERYTHING.
>> Principal: WE CALL THIS
A SCHOOL, BUT I’M THE ONLY ONE
ON STAFF.
SO I GOTTA TELL YOU, IT’S A BIG
RELIEF TO HAVE SOME NEW BLOOD
HERE, TRULY.
>> Yoko: YOU’RE VERY KIND.
>> Principal: STILL, I CAN’T
HELP BUT WONDER WHY SOMEONE AS
FAMOUS AS YOU WOULD WANNA COME
TO OUR LITTLE ISLAND.
>> Yoko: YOU SURE YOU HAVEN’T
MISTAKEN ME FOR SOMEONE ELSE?
I’M JUST MISS YOMAKO,
AN ORDINARY NEW SCHOOLTEACHER.
>> Principal: OH, YES, YES.
WE OLD‐TIMERS TEND TO BLURT
THINGS OUT.
>> girl: BYE, TEACHER! BYE‐BYE!
>> boy: BYE, NEW TEACHER LADY!
>> Yoko: THOSE CHILDREN ARE
THE FIRST CHILDREN TO BE BORN
ON THE SURFACE.
I WANT TO BE THE ONE WHO
WATCHES OVER THEM.
>> Principal: ME TOO.
I DON’T WANT THEM TO HAVE TO
LIVE THEIR LIVES WITHOUT THE
SKY ABOVE THEM.
>> Naakim: WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
>> Kunpa: LET ME HAVE A LOOK!
>> Naakim: NO! FORGET IT!
[class gasps]
[Yoko chuckles]
>> class: OH!
>> Yoko: PLAYTIME!
>> class: ONE, TWO, THREE, FOUR!
>> Yoko: QUIT BEING SO FUSSY!
>> Kunpa: AH!
[class laughing]
>> class: MISS YOMAKO!
>> Yoko: UNTIL SIX YEARS AGO,
HUMANS LIVED THEIR WHOLE LIVES
UNDERGROUND.
THE TWO WHO SET US ALL FREE
WERE KAMINA AND SIMON,
THE GREAT HEROES.
>> Naakim: HEY, ISN’T THAT‐‐
>> Maosha: HUH?
>> Naakim: ISN’T THAT OUR
TEACHER?
>> Maosha: AW, COME ON.
NO WAY.
[class shuddering]
>> Yoko: NO CHATTING.
YOU KNOW THAT.
>> Maosha: [grumbles]
WHY AM I BEING PUNISHED?
[bell chiming]
>> Maosha: MORNING, EVERYONE!
[students laughing]
>> Naakim: GOOD MORNING, EVERY‐‐
OH!
>> Maosha: JUST IGNORE IT.
IT ONLY MAKES IT WORSE WHEN YOU
LET THEM GET TO YOU LIKE THAT.
>> Naakim: OH!
>> Yoko: OH?
>> Naakim: THIS IS A LIE!
A BIG, FAT LIE!
>> Maosha: HMPH!
>> Naakim: AH, MY BAG!
WHO THE HECK PUT IT UP THERE?!
>> Kunpa: AH, QUIT BAWLING!
IT’S JUST A STUPID BAG!
>> Naakim: MY DAD GAVE ME THAT
BEFORE HE DIED!
IT’S ALL I HAVE TO REMEMBER
HIM BY!
>> Kunpa: JUST CLIMB UP THERE
AND GET IT YOURSELF!
>> Maosha: NO, DON’T!
I’LL GET IT FOR‐‐
>> Naakim: ALL RIGHT, THEN!
I’LL GO GET IT!
>> WHAT ARE YOU SAYING?
>> YOU CAN’T! DON’T DO IT!
>> IT’S TOO DANGEROUS!
[Maosha panting]
>> Yoko: MAOSHA?
>> Maosha: TEACHER, IT’S NAAKIM!
[Naakim grunting]
>> Yoko: NAAKIM, NO!
>> Principal: YOU SHOULDN’T
CALL OUT TO HIM!
HE MAY LOSE HIS CONCENTRATION.
>> Yoko: BUT WHY IN THE WORLD
IS HE‐‐
>> Principal: THAT BAG IS
A MEMENTO FROM HIS FATHER.
THREE YEARS AGO, NAAKIM AND HIS
MOTHER CAME HERE TO THIS ISLAND,
WHERE HIS MOTHER WAS BORN,
BUT HE NEVER REALLY FIT IN.
[all gasp]
[all sigh]
>> Naakim: GOT IT!
OHH. AAH!
>> Yoko: DON’T LOOK DOWN!
[students gasp]
>> Principal: WOULD YOU LOOK
AT THAT.
>> Naakim: TEACHER.
>> Yoko: THAT WAS CRAZY.
>> Naakim: I KNOW, BUT MY DAD
GAVE ME THIS.
I HATE THIS ISLAND.
I HATE IT, ’CAUSE DAD
ISN’T HERE.
BUT I DO THINK THIS VIEW IS
REALLY PRETTY.
>> Yoko: YOU KNOW, I SAW A VIEW
LIKE THIS ONCE BEFORE.
I WAS WITH A BOY WHO WAS A LOT
LIKE YOU.
>> Naakim: LIKE ME?
>> Yoko: THAT’S RIGHT.
I MADE A WHOLE BUNCH OF NEW
FRIENDS BACK THEN.
WE DID ALL KINDS OF THINGS,
ALWAYS WORKING HARD FOR
A BETTER TOMORROW.
THERE WERE ALSO SOME PEOPLE
WHO DIED, THOUGH.
>> Naakim: OH.
>> Yoko: YOU SHOULD REMEMBER
YOUR FATHER AS BEST AS YOU CAN.
IT DOESN’T MATTER HOW.
JUST MAKE SURE YOU HOLD ON TO
HIM TIGHT IN YOUR HEART, OKAY?
[students cheering]
>> Maosha: HEY!
>> Kunpa: ARE YOU OKAY?
>> Yoko: SO DO YOU HATE
EVERYONE HERE?
>> Naakim: UH‐UH.
[chuckles]
[students all talking]
>> Kunpa: THAT WAS AWESOME.
>> Naakim: IT WAS?
>> Kunpa: YOU CLIMBED THIS HUGE
TREE ALL BY YOURSELF.
WE CAN’T JUST CALL YOU
NAAKIM ANYMORE!
YOU’RE NAAKIM THE TREE‐CLIMBER!
>> NAAKIM THE TREE‐CLIMBER!
>> Naakim: THANKS.
[students laughing]
>> Yoko: [chuckles]
>> Nia: THE SPIRAL NEMESIS WILL
BRING ABOUT THE DESTRUCTION OF
THIS UNIVERSE.
WE ANTI‐SPIRALS EXIST TO PREVENT
THAT FROM HAPPENING.
THE GROWING HUMAN POPULATION
AND ITS CIVILIZATIONS WILL
ADVANCE EXPLOSIVELY.
AND SO WE WILL DESTROY YOU
BEFORE THAT CAN HAPPEN.
>> Simon: THAT’S WHAT THE
HUMANITY ANNIHILATION SYSTEM IS?
THAT MECHA EARLIER TODAY?
>> Nia: IN THREE WEEKS,
THE MOON WILL BREAK AWAY FROM
ITS ORBIT AND DIRECTLY IMPACT
THE EARTH, AND THAT WILL BE
THE END OF IT.
>> Rossiu: IN RESPONSE TO THIS
NEWS, THE NEW GOVERNMENT PRESSED
CHARGES AGAINST FORMER
COMMANDER SIMON.
AS A RESULT OF HIS TRIAL TODAY,
HE WAS SENTENCED TO DEATH.
CITIZENS AROUND THE WORLD
WILL BE EVACUATED...
>> TEACHER!
>> Yoko: DON’T BE AFRAID.
LET’S BELIEVE IN THE NEW
GOVERNMENT.
WHAT THE HECK ARE THEY DOING?
WHAT ARE THEY UP TO?
>> Principal: LISTEN, EVERYONE!
A GUNBOAT WILL BE HERE
IN AN HOUR TO EVACUATE US.
LOOK AROUND.
MAKE SURE YOU HAVEN’T
FORGOTTEN ANYTHING.
>> MISS YOMAKO!
PLEASE, IT’S OUR MAOSHA!
>> WE CAN’T FIND MAOSHA
ANYWHERE!
>> Yoko: WHAT?!
>> Naakim: I CAN GO LOOK
FOR HER!
>> Yoko: NO, NAAKIM.
YOU STAY HERE.
>> Kunpa: HEY, I BET SHE’S UP
IN THE LIGHTHOUSE!
>> Geki: WHENEVER ANYTHING BAD
HAPPENS, SHE RUNS UP THERE
AND CRIES.
[Maosha sobbing]
>> Maosha: I CAN’T GO.
I’M A BIG, FAT LIAR.
I CAN’T GO WITH NAAKIM.
I CAN’T GO!
I JUST CAN’T.
OH!
>> Dashah: DASHAH!
[Maosha screams]
>> Yoko: OH!
THOSE FOOTSTEPS ARE‐‐
>> Gamel: NOW LISTEN AND LISTEN
UP GOOD!
CAN YOU HEAR ME?
IF THIS KID’S LIFE MEANS
ANYTHING TO YOU, YOU’LL HAND
OVER ALL THE FOOD ON THE ISLAND!
[Maosha whimpering]
>> MAOSHA!
>> Principal: WHAT GOOD DO YOU
THINK THIS WILL DO?
IF YOU DON’T EVACUATE WITH
EVERYONE, THE MOON’LL FALL
ON YOU!
>> Gamel: HEH HEH!
MY PARTNER HERE AND I ARE
WANTED MEN!
THEY’D ARREST US IF WE WENT TO
ONE OF THEIR SHELTERS.
SO WE THOUGHT IT’D BE SMARTER
FOR US TO LOAD OUR GUNMEN WITH
FOOD AND SUPPLIES AND JUST HIDE
OUT SOMEPLACE!
>> Dashah: LOOK, DO YOU CARE
WHAT HAPPENS TO THIS KID,
OR DON’T YOU?!
YOU’RE DEAD MEAT EITHER WAY!
>> Yoko: UNH!
[class screams]
>> Naakim: STOP IT!
>> Dashah: DASHAH!
>> Yoko: [gasps]
THEY’RE GONNA PAY.
♪ ROW, ROW, FIGHT THE POWER ♪ ♪
[Dashah laughs]
>> Dashah: WHAT’S WRONG?
>> Gamel: IF YOU DON’T HAND OVER
YOUR FOOD, THIS POOR LITTLE KID
IS A GONER!
>> Dashah: DASHAH!
>> MAOSHA, NO!
>> MAOSHA’S GONNA GET EATEN!
>> Gamel: WHAT’S THAT?
>> Dashah: WHAT’S GOIN’ ON?
[all gasp]
[Maosha screaming]
>> Dashah: DASHAH!
>> MAOSHA!
MY LITTLE GIRL.
>> Maosha: MISS YOMAKO...
IS THAT YOU?
>> Yoko: STAY BACK, KIDS.
>> OH!
>> Naakim: I KNEW IT!
THIS IS HER IN OUR TEXTBOOK!
>> Dashah: AND JUST WHO THE
HELL ARE YOU?
>> Yoko: I AM A TEACHER.
>> Dashah: DON’T MAKE ME LAUGH!
LOOK AT WHAT YOU DID TO MY BRO!
>> Yoko: THIS WILL BE
ON THE TEST.
PAY CLOSE ATTENTION.
YOU DON’T WRECK BUILDINGS.
>> Dashah: DASHAH!
>> Yoko: YOU DON’T TAKE
CHILDREN HOSTAGE.
>> Naakim: [gasps]
>> Yoko: AND YOU DON’T THREATEN
PEOPLE WITH VIOLENCE.
OKAY, CLASS DISMISSED.
LOOKS LIKE YOU FAIL.
[Dashah and Gamel whimper]
[Maosha sniffles]
>> Maosha: I’M SORRY, NAAKIM.
I WAS THE ONE WHO PUT YOUR BAG
UP THERE.
>> Naakim: HUH?
>> Maosha: I’M A REALLY GOOD
TREE CLIMBER, SO I THOUGHT I’D
BLAME KUNPA AND HIS FRIENDS,
AND THEN I’D GET IT FOR YOU,
AND YOU’D‐‐
>> Naakim: MAOSHA.
>> Maosha: I SWEAR, I DIDN’T
KNOW HOW MUCH THE BAG MEANT
TO YOU.
NAAKIM, I’M SORRY.
>> Naakim: LET’S ALL RUN AWAY,
MAOSHA.
[students laughing]
>> Maosha: NAAKIM.
[beeping]
>> Yoko: A MESSAGE?
>> Rossiu: YOKO.
I WANT YOU TO COME BACK
TO KAMINA CITY AND JOIN US
ON THE ARC‐GURREN.
THE EARTH IS GOING TO DESTROYED,
SO HURRY.
YOU ARE SOMEONE WHO OUGHT
TO SURVIVE!
PLEASE!
CONTACT ME IMMEDIATELY!
CONTACT ME IMMEDIATELY...
>> Yoko: SO THIS IS YOUR
"POLITICS," HUH?
WHAT A STUPID JOKE.
[students chatter sadly]
>> ARE YOU LEAVING, MISS YOMAKO?
>> Naakim: I KNEW IT.
YOU’RE YOKO FROM OUR TEXTBOOK!
>> Yoko: NO.
NO MATTER WHAT HAPPENS,
I PROMISE, I’LL ALWAYS BE
YOUR MISS YOMAKO.
>> Kunpa: YEAH, THAT’S RIGHT!
YOU’RE KOREHANA ISLAND’S
MISS YOMAKO, YEAH!
>> Naakim: MISS YOMAKO!
>> Yoko: I’LL GO GET IT BACK
FOR YOU.
I’LL SAVE THE PURE BLUE SKY THAT
YOU KIDS LOVE.
>> MISS YOMAKO!
>> Yoko: WHEN I GET BACK, I’LL
HAND OUT YOUR REPORT CARDS.
>> HUH?
[Yoko chuckles]
[students shouting]
>> Naakim: COME BACK SOON,
MISS YOMAKO!
WE’LL BE WAITING FOR YOU!
THAT’S A PROMISE!
>> I’LL MISS YOU!
>> TAKE CARE NOW!
>> Yoko: OHH!
>> Kittan: DAMN IT!
IT’S NEVER‐ENDING!
>> Yoko: WORKING HARD, KITTAN?
>> Kittan: WHAT?
YOKO, IS THAT YOU?
>> Yoko: WHERE’S SIMON?
>> Kittan: HE’S STILL IN THAT
PRISON DOWN THERE!
>> Yoko: THEN I’LL LEAVE OUR
"FRIENDS" BACK THERE TO YOU!
>> Kittan: HEY, WAIT JUST
A MINUTE!
YOU SHOW UP OUT OF NOWHERE AND
STEAL THE RESCUE FOR YOURSELF?!
AW, CRAP!
MAN, THERE’S STILL A FEW
LEFT, HUH?
IT’S YOU GUYS!
>> Yoko: WERE YOU JUST GONNA SIT
QUIETLY AND ROT AWAY IN HERE?
>> Simon: YOKO, WHERE HAVE YOU
BEEN HIDING OUT?
>> Yoko: I’LL TELL YOU ABOUT IT
SOME OTHER TIME.
IF WHAT NIA SAID IS TRUE,
WE’RE IN BIG TROUBLE.
THE MOON IS FALLING.
THE SURFACE AND UNDERGROUND WILL
BOTH BE DESTROYED.
THERE’S NOWHERE TO RUN.
>> Simon: AND IT SOUNDS LIKE
THERE’S AN AMBUSH WAITING
FOR THEM.
OUR BACK’S AGAINST THE WALL.
>> Yoko: MAYBE SO, BUT FINDING
A WAY OUT OF NO‐WIN SITUATIONS
IS TEAM GURREN’S SPECIALTY.
>> Simon: YEAH, IT IS, ISN’T IT?
>> Viral: I SEE YOU STILL HAVE
AS MUCH SPUNK AS EVER, WOMAN.
>> Yoko: VIRAL?!
>> Simon: YOKO, YOUR GUN.
>> Viral: WHAT ARE YOU UP TO?
>> Simon: YOU HEARD WHAT
SHE SAID.
TEAM GURREN’S GONNA SAVE EVERY
LIVING THING ON THE SURFACE.
>> Viral: REALLY?
HOW?
>> Simon: OH, THAT’S EASY.
WE’LL STOP THE MOON.
>> Viral: ARE YOU SERIOUS?
>> Simon: VIRAL, YOU SHOULD KNOW
BETTER THAN ANYONE THAT I’M
ALWAYS SERIOUS.
JUST WHO THE HELL DO YOU
THINK I AM?
>> Viral: I KNOW WHO YOU ARE.
YOU’RE THAT FOOL
FROM TEAM GURREN.
>> Simon: OH!
GUYS?
>> Kittan: YOU’RE A FREE MAN
AGAIN.
>> Viral: WELL, HERE’S A BUNCH
OF FAMILIAR FACES.
>> Balinbow: HEY, THAT’S‐‐
WHAT HE DOING HERE?
>> Simon: RIGHT NOW WE NEED
EVERY GOOD GUNMEN PILOT WE
CAN GET.
>> Kittan: WE GONNA DO IT?
>> Simon: YEAH.
IF WE DON’T STOP THAT THING,
EARTH HAS NO FUTURE.
>> Kittan: YOU KNOW ABOUT THAT?
THAT SAVES A LOT OF TIME.
LISTEN UP, BOZOS!
WE’RE GONNA SMASH UP THAT
BIG‐ASS CEILING UP THERE!
>> YEAH!
[Boota grunting]
>> Simon: BOOTA, WOW,
YOU’RE STILL ALIVE!
>> Yoko: WELL, THAT MEANS THE
GANG’S ALL HERE.
BOY, BOOTA, YOU’RE AS TINY
AS EVER.
>> Leyte: IT’S A PRESENT
FROM LEERON.
WE BOOSTED ITS OUTPUT, TOO.
I’LL LAUNCH THE REST OF ’EM INTO
SPACE ON THAT ROCKET GUNMEN.
>> Viral: YOU’RE PERSISTENT,
I’LL GIVE YOU THAT,
YOU AND THIS THING.
>> Simon: CARE TO PILOT
"THIS THING"?
>> Viral: WHAT’S THAT?
>> Simon: YOU SAID YOU WERE
SUPPOSED TO OBSERVE HUMANITY’S
FATE, RIGHT?
YOU’LL HAVE A FRONT‐ROW SEAT
HERE IN GURREN’S COCKPIT.
>> Viral: GURREN LAGANN, HUH?
EVEN WITH THE HUMILIATION I’VE
SUFFERED AT ITS HANDS...
MY BODY IS TELLING ME
WHAT IT WANTS.
ALL RIGHT, YOU’RE ON.
>> Simon: YOU BETTER GET READY,
’CAUSE THIS BABY PACKS A PUNCH.
>> Viral: I KNOW THAT BETTER
THAN ANYONE.
>> Yoko: HEY, WE’RE IN A HURRY,
YOU TWO.
YOU GONNA GET IN OR NOT?
[all grunting]
>> Balinbow: ROCKET FALL APART!
>> Leyte: DON’T SWEAT IT!
THE DAI‐GUNMEN CONFIGURATION WAS
ORIGINALLY DESIGNED FOR
ATMOSPHERIC REENTRY.
>> Jorgun: ATMOSPHERIC?
WHAT THAT?
CAN YOU EAT IT?
>> Leyte: LOOK, ALL IT MEANS IS
THAT YOUR GUNMEN CAN FIGHT
IN SPACE.
>> Balinbow: ALL RIGHT!
WE DO THAT!
>> Leyte: WE’RE COUNTING ON YOU.
GOOD LUCK.
[Yoko grunting]
>> Yoko: OH!
WE’LL GET IT BACK,
A CAREFREE WORLD
WHERE KIDS CAN LIVE AND PLAY
UNDER THE SUN.
>> Gimmy: DAMN IT, WE’RE NOT
EVEN DENTING THOSE THINGS!
>> Darry: HEY, CALM DOWN, GIMMY.
WE CAN’T LOSE OUR CONCENTRATION!
>> Rossiu: DAMAGE?
>> Guinble: SEVERE DAMAGE TO
BLOCK 357.
NOW CLOSING BULKHEADS.
>> Cybela: GRAPEARL FORCE
STRENGTH DOWN TO 53%.
>> Rossiu: DAMN IT!
DAMN THESE ANTI‐SPIRALS!
>> Kinon: THE MOON’S RATE
OF DESCENT IS INCREASING!
ESTIMATED TIME TO IMPACT IS
NOW 20 HOURS!
>> Rossiu: JUST HOLD OUT,
NO MATTER WHAT!
IF THIS SHIP IS DESTROYED HERE,
THEN ALL THAT WE’VE DONE WILL
HAVE BEEN FOR‐‐WHAT HAPPENED?!
>> Lordgenome: SPIRAL POWER
IS FALLING.
ALL SPIRAL LIFE‐FORM ENERGY
READINGS ARE RAPIDLY WEAKENING.
>> Rossiu: WHAT DID YOU SAY?
>> Kinon: THE PEOPLE ONBOARD
ARE WORRIED.
THEY’RE WORRIED BECAUSE OF
THE ATTACK.
AND NOT JUST THE CITIZENS.
US TOO.
>> Rossiu: IT CAN’T BE.
HOW COULD A MACHINE’S POWER BE
INFLUENCED BY HUMAN EMOTIONS?
ALTHOUGH THAT MIGHT BE THE CASE.
IF THAT’S TRUE, HAVE I REACHED
MY LIMIT?
>> Simon: ROSSIU!
DON’T GIVE UP!
>> Rossiu: [gasps]
CAN’T BE.
SIMON!
>> Simon: THE INSTANT YOU GIVE
UP, IT’S OVER!
DON’T YOU REMEMBER?
THIS DRILL IS THE DRILL THAT
WILL PIERCE THE HEAVENS!
VIRAL, YOU READY TO DO IT?
>> Viral: OH, THAT?
THAT MIGHT BE ENTERTAINING.
>> Simon: WE EMBARK ON THE
WINDING SPIRAL PATH.
THE PATHS OF MAN AND BEAST
INTERSECT!
>> Viral: JOIN WITH YESTERDAY’S
FOE TO SMASH FATE
AND GRAB TOMORROW’S PATH WITH
OUR OWN HANDS!
>> both: DESTINY COMBINING...
GURREN LAGANN!
JUST WHO THE HELL DO YOU THINK
I AM?!
[man singing in Japanese]
♪ ♪
>> Rossiu: WHEN ABSOLUTE DESPAIR
BATTERS HUMANITY INTO
SUBJUGATION, A MIRACLE APPEARS,
AND THE NAME OF THAT MIRACLE IS
ARC‐GURREN LAGANN.
NEXT TIME ON GURREN LAGANN:
"THIS IS MY FINAL DUTY."